HomeKitBridge
=============

This project is base in the awesome [project](https://github.com/KhaosT/HomeKitBridge) made by KhaosT.

The goal is basically integrate the Philips Hue Lights to the HomeKit, as Philips has not done this yet. This allows cool features, like use any HomeKit apps, or even the Siri.

[Here](http://instagram.com/p/qnIxZGjkiN/) is a video demo.

#What's new

The KhaosT project depends on the use of Xcode, you have to check the console of the application to know, for example, when to press the bridge button. My main goal is to get a standalone app, without the need of the Xcode, so other people that are not programmers will be able to use the app.  Also, I added some buttons to help to fix some minor connection bugs, as the infine "No Local Connection" message.

#Download

Download [Here](https://github.com/lucasecf/HomeKitBridge/releases/download/1.0/HomeKitBridge.zip) the zip containing the app. Just unzip and drag to your ```Application``` folder

#How to use

1. Make sure your mac and your philips hue bridge are in the same local network.

2. Open the app, wait for it to load. Check in the log window when the bridge is found, and press the bridge button when asked.

3. Download any app that uses the HomeKit, and search for a new accessory. You should see your bridge named as "Hue Bridge". If you are a developer, the [Apple sample code](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/samplecode/HomeKitCatalog/Introduction/Intro.html) for the HomeKit works well.

4. When asked, put the 8-digit PIN number generated by the mac app in the device. If everything worked well, you should be able to control your lamps with your HomeKit app, and use the Siri :)

#Troubleshoot

Commom problems:

1. If you don't see the Bridge in your search inside the HomeKit app
 
```
- Click in the Reset Pairing Button
```

2. If you see the message "No Local Connection", or if you were never asked to press the bridge button, follow the steps below:

```
- Make sure your mac and bridge are in the same network
- Click in the Reset Pairing Button
- Click in Reset Data
- Kill the app and open it again
- If the bridge is still not found by the mac app, try to click in the "Force startSearch" button
```

